at the moment now as a dj
good hello to all i am with 300 e
how there is mum lasts especially
watch it with its skin power
however we wanted to make this video
because we have reached 2200 members
so we wanted to do something
special for the 2,200 cements
obviously we left the scene
commitments if I then have the maturity for
example is therefore a mess anyway
we wanted to do what's here because
precisely the two thousand members are
truly an important milestone i
2,200 even more the 2,215 for the
precision that we have this now
even more then or in the end
all this introduction to tell me that
we wanted to do a contest on
the first contest of the clippers now
more questions
requests what you win in this
contest say it toubab you practice in
contest will allow to do now
we have yet to decide the mode
however, either a video or more videos
let's take a series now how to structure it
together not and therefore you subscribers
could register with us
the second question is how you can win
this context
then we have devised this method
here
in practice there is a page on youtube
these see the writings of pin faces
that which are more involved in the la channel
girl his gesture
this is this here and the page where
there are members of involved
updated daily
involvement as measured
through i like it
the comments described the descriptions
video sharing and putting videos in
favorite
then after that after you enter
in this list there are the first 87
subscribers seems to me a title in general
we will go to this page 40 a point
org we will generate a number from 1 to 9 thousand e
999 million then we will take the first one
figure is not a complicated method though if
i like to be complicated create the first one
figure says then then let's go up
this page and we will take the third
written on this page
in these things of the collapse therefore would have
won lorenzo and box this is the method e
or at least though it is completely intact
random we do not risk doing politics like
of the kind then once we will make the
video extraction point will be everything
you'll probably have to live
contact via message in Skype
on the facebook page that we report about
going to look for letters like let's put i
our updates even when not
we are active on the channel and therefore mi
we will write there we will behave lire then
we will decide the date of the exact date e
also
mode and could generally and then
any payments
no no and so for this video I think
let it all be played with us
win, I recommend if all of you
should win it at lucerna 500
five hundred lemon-yellow abarths at 61
at 37 c and e from her is everything even in the
world